# Files

mpd_music_dir           =   "~/Music"
lyrics_directory        =   "~/.config/ncmpcpp/lyrics"
ncmpcpp_directory       =   "~/.config/ncmpcpp"
mpd_host                =   "localhost"
mpd_port                =   "6600"
mpd_connection_timeout  =   "5"
mpd_crossfade_time      =   "5"

# visualizer
visualizer_fifo_path                =   /tmp/mpd.fifo
visualizer_output_name              =   my_fifo
visualizer_sync_interval            =   12
visualizer_type                     =   spectrum 
visualizer_in_stereo                =   yes
visualizer_look                     =   -♪

# Other
system_encoding                     =   utf-8
regular_expressions                 =   extended

# Playlist
playlist_disable_highlight_delay    =   0
playlist_display_mode               =   classic
playlist_show_remaining_time        =   yes

autocenter_mode                     =   yes
follow_now_playing_lyrics           =   yes
ignore_leading_the                  =   yes
colors_enabled                      =   yes
progressbar_look                    =    
header_visibility                   =   no
statusbar_visibility                =   no
external_editor                     =   vim

media_library_primary_tag           =   album_artist
media_library_albums_split_by_date  =   yes

# Navigation
cyclic_scrolling                    =   yes
header_text_scrolling               =   yes
jump_to_now_playing_song_at_start   =   yes
lines_scrolled                      =   2


